today I'm going to be showing you how to
make Christmas pancakes the first thing
is to make the batter I'm going to use
just add water mix for this
I don't usually measure the water I just
keep adding until it's somewhere between
thick and runny next I'm going to
prepare these for my batter dispensers
I'm going to cut the cap off and then
cut this at an angle so the more batter
can come out use a bowl that has a spout
so that you can easily fill the
containers now you want to prepare the
stove by preheating it to a low to
medium setting for Santa you are going
to start with the nose then the mustache
the face and the hat and then the beard
and the eyes after letting it cook for a
little while you're going to fill in the
rest of the space check that it's cooked
loosen it and what now it's ready to
serve
[Music]
you
and the last thing to you add some serum
every
[Music]